>> Steve Kinney: So what I want to do
together real quick is also set up some
billing notifications, so if we do blow
past the free tier more than we're
comfortable with, we'll have
the ability to kind of rectify that.
So this is my brand-new account.
You can see that it says
recently visited services.
Turns out that that's probably
stored in local storage.
This is literally an account that I made,
logged in for
the first time, and here we are.
So, in here, you could go to Services,
and get overwhelmed.
This just stresses me out, it’s not
really useful for finding anything.
One pro tip is to switch
it to alphabetical.
A bigger pro tip is just
to type in this box.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
So, here we are in the Billing dashboard.
You can see currently I
am running a $0 balance.
Which is good because this
account is about two hours old.
So, if that number wasn't zero,
we'd have a problem.
One thing we can do is go to Preferences.
And we have this one useful one here,
Receive Free Tier Usage Alerts.
And so basically you get an email
around the time when you're
about to blow past the free tier,
so we'll go ahead and turn that on.
And you can put in your email address.
>> Steve Kinney: I'll hit Save.
Cool.
But like I said,
we know that we're gonna spend
a little bit of money today.
So I'm gonna go ahead and
I'm gonna click Create budget, and
I can do a whole bunch of
what I actually care about.
I'm gonna tell you right now what I
care about, which is cost, right?
I want to know if we go
past a certain amount,
so you can give the budget any
kind of name that you want.
And we can say, okay start it from
the first, monthly, budget amount.
If I start going over $10,
someone tell me, right?
You laugh but when you start up enough
Dynamo databases cuz you're preparing for
a workshop, you can hit $40 real fast.
Luckily I had a notification
when that happened.
So you can actually choose,
there's a bunch of ways you can do this.
You can have email contact, or
you can actually have it logged to an S3
bucket or have other Amazon services
become aware if you need like
custom programming logic, right?
Just sending an email is great for me, but
I assume that the people that manage this
at the company I work at have a much more
robust system for all the different teams
and knowing who is going over budget and
stuff along those lines.
I just know the person who comes
to yell at me, her name is April,
if I go over my budget,
but beyond that I believe that there is
an infrastructure and system in place.
Cool.
I'll go ahead and
we'll create that budget.
So now if I go past $10 in a given month,
I will be notified that
something is amiss.